Joe Steinbring, MBAExperienceBader RutterJuly 2021 - February 2024: Senior Full-Stack Developer* I maintained an internal sales tool that is used by Zoetis. It used Vue.js, Pitcher, Salesforce, and Crownpeak.* I maintained and developed enhancements for Brevant.com using Vue.js, Nuxt.JS, Marketo, and Strapi.* I maintained and developed enhancements for phytogencottonseed.com using .NET, Vue.js, and Eloqua.* I maintained and developed systems for Douglas Products using Vue.js and Firebase.* I regularly researched and presented new technical concepts to the agency's development team.* I served on a team with the mandate to standardize agency development practices.* I served on an AI working group where I introduced the agency to Ollama.* I introduced the company to the use of Microsoft Entra ID for cloud-based identity and access management with web applications.University of Wisconsin, MilwaukeeJune 2016 - July 2021: Web Application Engineer* The Office of Information Technology and Analysis serves both the Office of Research and the Graduate School.* I maintained the WordPress-based websites used by both the Office of Research and the Graduate School.* I assisted the centers under the Office of Research with their web needs.* I maintained the business automation systems behind the Fellowship Competition, Doctoral Milestones, the Graduation Application, and more. * At the point where I was hired, all business automation systems where cfwheels-based ColdFusion applications, using an Oracle RDBMS database. * After joining the ITA office, I helped create UWM Shared Web Application Hosting Environment, which allows UWM units to host PHP / MariaDB applications. * Once the PHP environment became available, I started rewriting all of the business automation systems to use Laravel, Vue.JS, and Bulma.* In 2019, I started a 3-year term as a representative on the UWM Academic Staff Senate.* I was a member of the Office of Research's Talent Management Working Group.QM Quality MattersJan 2015 - June 2016: Application Developer* I mainly worked on the MyQM, CRMS, and MyCR systems. * The systems were custom built using ColdFusion and MS SQL Server. The client-side code that they used when I got there was using a lot of jQuery. I introduced them to Rivets.js and rewrote a lot of their dashboards to use it. * The organization funds itself through sales of memberships, so most of my work isn't publicly accessible.StarkmediaJune 2012 - Oct 2014: Senior Application Developer* I mainly made systems that allowed Starkmedia's clients to update their own websites. Clients that I worked with included Red Arrow, Artisan Partners, Mandel Group, and Calf-Tel. Very few of my projects were greenfield but I was able to introduce some innovations and tweak how things were done. * Starkmedia mainly used ColdFusion and MS SQL Server. I introduced AngularJS 1.x, PhoneGap, and Git into the organization while I was there.ExperisMay 2011 - June 2012: ColdFusion Developer (at Kohler Co.)* I developed enhancements for an internal corporate transaction tracking system. It was an intranet application that handled vetting of all corporate expenditures at Kohler (everything from new hires to the opening of a new production facility or the resurfacing of a parking lot). * The system used ColdFusion and Oracle RDBMS.University of Wisconsin, MilwaukeeFeb 2006 - May 2011: Web Application Developer* I developed and maintained the College of Letters and Science' portfolio of custom business automation systems. * They used ColdFusion and Oracle RDBMS.* I helped to migrate existing websites to PaperThin CommonSpot* I hired, trained, and managed a team of web application developers I developed the annual departmental budgetEducation2009-2012: MBA, Business Administration; Cardinal Stritch University (Glendale, WI)2001-2005: BBA, Management Information Systems; University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee - Lubar School ofBusiness (Milwaukee, WI)